I mean, look, the iPhone is obviously one of the most important inventions probably of all time. You know, Steve Jobs came out with it in 2007. I started Facebook in 2004. So he was working on the iPhone while I was getting started with Facebook. So I basically, you know, one of the things that's been interesting in my 20 years of running the company is that I basically like the dominant platform out there is smartphones. On the one hand, it's been great for us because we are able to build these tools that everyone can have in their pocket. And there's like 4 billion people who use the different apps that we use. And it's like I'm grateful that that platform exists. But we didn't play any role. and basically building those phones because, I mean, it was kind of getting worked on while I was, you know, still just trying to make the first website that I was making into a thing. And on the one hand, it's been great because, you know, now pretty much everyone in the world has a phone and that's kind of what enables pretty amazing things. But on the other hand, like you're saying, they have used that platform to put in place a lot of rules that I think feel arbitrary and feel like they haven't really invented anything great in a while. It's like Steve Jobs invented the iPhone and now they're just kind of sitting on it 20 years later. and you know they actually I think year over year I'm not even sure they're selling more iPhones at this point I think like the sales might actually be declining and part of it is that each generation it doesn't actually get that much better so people are just taking longer to upgrade than they would before so the number of sales I think is generally been flat to declining so how are they making more money as a company well they do it by basically like squeezing people and like you're saying like having this 30 tax on developers by getting you to buy more peripherals and things that plug into it you know they build stuff like air pods which are cool but they've just thoroughly hamstrung the ability for anyone else to build something that can connect to the iPhone in the same way so I mean there are a lot of other companies in the world that would be able to build like a very good earbud but it just Apple has a specific protocol that they've built into the iPhone that allows air pods to basically connect to it and and it's just much more seamless because they've enabled that but they don't let anyone else use the protocol if they did there would probably be much better competitors to AirPods out there. And whenever you push on this, they get super touchy, and they basically wrap their defense of it in, well, if we let other companies plug into our thing, then that would violate people's privacy and security. It's like, no, just do a better job designing the protocol. Right? I mean, we have, you know, we basically asked them for the Ray-Ban Meta glasses that we built. And we basically use the protocol they use for AirPod and some of these other things to just make it so we can as easily connect. So it's not like a pain in the ass for people who want to use this. And I think one of the protocols they've used that they built, they basically didn't encrypt it. So it's like plain text. And they're like, well, we can't have you plug into it because it would be insecure. It's like it's insecure because you didn't build any security into it. And then now you're using that as a justification for why only your product can connect in an easy way. It's like the whole thing is kind of wild. And I'm pretty optimistic that just because they've been so off their game in terms of not really releasing many innovative things, that eventually, I mean, the good news about the tech industry is it's like it's just super dynamic and things are constantly getting invented. And I think companies, if you just don't do a good job for like 10 years, eventually you're just going to get beat by someone. But I don't know. I mean, at some point I did this like back of the envelope calculation of like all the random rules that Apple puts out. If, you know, if they didn't apply, like I think, you know, it's like, and this is just meta. I think we like make twice as much profit or something. and that's just us. I mean, it's like all these small companies that probably can't even exist because of the taxes that they put in place. So yeah, I think it's a big issue. I wish that they would just kind of get back to building good things and not having their ability to compete be connected to just like advantaging their stuff because I'm pretty sure what they're going to do is like they're going to take something like this Ray-Ban meta category that we've kind of created with Ray-Ban and the company that built that. They're like the really great AI glasses. And I'm pretty sure Apple's just going to like try to build a version of that, but then just like advantage how it connects to the phone.